Ellen: You have, kind of
a big announcement, right?
Justin: I do, yeah, I'm
actually going on tour.
Ellen: Um-hmm.
[Crowd cheering]
Male Anncr: Justin Bieber
announced a massive tour
to promote his fourth
album, "Purpose."
Female Anncr: The fifth
biggest tour of 2016,
and it crossed the
$200 million mark.
♪ Something beautiful,
selling a dream... ♪
Ellen: You finished this
tour and you've been on,
for what, like a year?
Something like that?
Justin: Over a
hundred shows, yeah.
Ellen: Crazy.
You're not done.
You're starting
a stadium tour.
[Crowd cheering]
♪ Let me love you.
Let me love you. ♪
♪ Don't you give up,
nah-nah-nah. ♪
♪ I won't give up,
♪ Let me love you.
Let me love you. ♪
♪ Oh, baby. ♪
News anchor: Justin Bieber
says he is canceling
the rest of his world tour.
Female Anncr: Justin Bieber
announced that the remaining
dates of his, "Purpose" world
tour would be canceled.
- All we know is that he's
going through a lot, that's it.
Gail: People think
he's having issues,
seems to be falling
in another dark place.
Female Anncr: Reason given by
his team in a statement cites,
"unforeseen circumstances."
- I mean, I hope he's okay.
Justin: All right,
here we go.
I'm Justin.
I am from Stratford,
Ontario, Canada.
I am, ah,
an artist.
I make music.
Um, I started making music
when I was really young.
It helped me escape
from a lot of things
that I felt like I was
going through at the time
or that I was going
through at the time.
And I am excited
to share
my journey
with you.
So... come and
check it out.
Can I do
that again?
- Yeah, that
was perfect.
Justin: I think
I'm getting
a little bit in my
head about it.
We are going to Stratford
to see my hometown,
because it's awesome.
And I haven't showed
anybody since, ah,
the "Never Say Never" movie.
My first favorite documentary.
Allison: Oh wow, are you going
to sing on some steps or...
Justin: Yeah, we're-- we're
making a new documentary
right now and ah...
Allison: Justin B is
leaving Stratford.
Justin: We're going
back to Stratford,
and hopefully there's someone
there playing the violin,
so I can go and
drop her some cash.
I want to spot
your dreams, okay?
Busking girl: Okay.
Justin: All right.
We're going to go and check out
the spot where I used to play,
it's over here by these steps,
with my wife, she's in the back.
Hailey: Hi.
Justin: She makes
everything better.
You may everything
better, babe.
Hailey: Thank you,
baby.
Justin: Check it,
check it.
There's the star, and that
was put there July 1st, 2011.
It's now... 2019.
So that was eight years ago.
So I'd sit here
and play here.
♪♪♪
Scooter: No one has ever
grown up in the history of
humanity like Justin Bieber.
No one has ever been that
famous worldwide in an
era of social media where
every year of your adolescence
you were the most Googled
person on the planet.
Justin: Oh, I went
to that school.
Jumped the fence
one time there.
Got suspended.
Hailey: You know, starting
out as a boy in front
of the entire world and
then transforming into
a young adult, a teenager,
and then like a young man,
and everybody's had to watch
him go through every single
phase of life essentially from,
I don't know, 14, 15,
and now he's really an adult.
Justin: So this is it.
Hailey: Oh, yeah, I remember.
Justin: This is like the
apartment I grew up in.
Justin: Yeah-ha.
I would have never thought
that in a million years.
What up, man.
- What's going on?
Justin: How are you?
Hailey: He has gone through so
much in the last three years,
four years since his
last album came out,
and he came out on the other
side of some really dark times.
He still is who he is,
and that's why people are
drawn to him, because
he has a story to tell.
Justin: Yo.
Can you buzz us in?
[Buzzing]
This was so shitty down here.
Hailey: [Laughs]
Scooter: You know, early on in
his career we'd always say,
let's go for another one,
another hit, another record,
another thing, another tour.
Before "Purpose"
with "Journals,"
I didn't want him to tour,
I wanted him to get healthy.
And then he got healthy
and we went on "Purpose,"
and then at the end he
was tired and said,
look, I needed
a break again.
And we took
the break,
and he's taken a
very long break.
And in that time
he's found his wife.
He's grown a lot.
I don't put any pressure
on that timeline anymore.
He's earned the right to
do it in his own time.
Justin: I used to tell my
friends, because I was, like,
ashamed that I lived in like
such a low poverty standards.
I used to tell people, yeah,
there's a bowling alley
downstairs and stuff.
[Chuckles]
It's booked, it's booked
up right now but...
That's it...
That's it.
Hailey: Anything different?
The floors?
Justin: Yeah-ha.
I think it was bigger.
I don't think we ever showed
this in "Never Say Never,"
but it was where I-- it was
the first apartment building
where I lived here
for like 10 years.
Brings back a lot of memories.
Scooter: I remember the day
where he said he didn't
want to keep going, and
it was a very tough one.
He just wanted to get away
and feel normal and needed
a break from it all.
Allison: I freaked out, um,
when Justin canceled the tour.
Performing is the thing that
he loves most in this world,
and so, for him to say that
he didn't want to do it,
I knew it had to be
pretty serious.
Ryan: Having a constant
stimulation like that and
experiencing 50,000 people
chanting and just anywhere
you go having all this
attention brought up, you know,
your brain actually
gets worn out from that,
where the standard
levels of Dopamine just
don't get you
excited anymore.
Allison: They have so
much fun, but it's also
very isolating.
And until you wake up in a
city and you don't remember
where you are, you can't really
understand how hard it is.
Justin: I think that
being human is,
is challenging
for everybody.
I think that we're all
struggling to some degree.
We all have our individual
pains and fears
and anxieties, worries.
Ryan: There was a six-month
period where it was
really tough for him,
really dark.
I saw him in a lot of ways that
just really broke my heart.
This last year at Coachella
when Ariana was headlining,
she invited him to come up
and do a song with her.
Anncr: Just one song--
[Crowd cheering]
Ryan: Justin was going back
and forth whether it was
the right time or not.
I think Scooter was thinking he
should have this opportunity
to go out on that stage
so he could be reminded
himself of who he is and,
like, what he does.
Ariana: I wasn't going to
bring any guests out tonight,
but my friend Justin
Bieber came over...
[Crowd cheering]
to spend some time
with y'all.
♪ Is it too late now
to say sorry, ♪
♪ because I'm missing more
than just your body. ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh. ♪
♪ Is it too late
now to say sorry? ♪
♪ Yeah, I know that
I let you down. ♪
♪ Is it too late to
say I'm sorry now? ♪
♪♪♪
I haven't been on stage in,
like, in like two years.
So thank you so much.
Ryan: It kind of seemed like
a turning point for him
to where he was like, I think
I'm ready to do this again,
I think I need
to do this again.
[Crowd cheering]
Justin: And by the way,
album coming soon.
[Crowd cheering]
Ryan: As he was walking off
stage he said that to Allison,
he's like, I need to
get back out here.
Allison: I want you
to schedule me.
He's like, I want to go to the
studio and I want to dance and
I want to go to the gym and I
want vocal warm ups in there
and I want-- like, he
wanted me to build him
a rolling itinerary like
I do when he's working.
And the second that he asked
to actually put the time in,
I was like, oh okay, now, we're
ready to go back to work.
Justin: My life is
changing a lot.
Getting married, getting
back in the studio.
Talking about getting
married, like, just writing
about the process and
just being creative with
being in this new chapter,
and being happy about
what I'm doing and not
like, I don't know,
just being in a
good head space.
Better head space.
♪ She want a
touch down. ♪
♪ Nah-nah-nah-nah
nah-nah-nah. ♪
♪ Nah-nah-nah-nah. ♪
I think what's been
challenging over the years is
a lot of the times I'd make
music and it would be for me.
When the focus and goal is
about yourself,
you kind of tend to lose
your purpose in that.
I think the older that I get
the more I realize that,
um, I'm not utilizing my gift
I feel for the right reasons.
This isn't about me, it's
about helping someone who's
going through whatever they're
going through and being
able to talk about that thing.
I think that's a really cool
way to look at what I do.
♪ And I'm going
to fly out. ♪
♪ Flying to the
East Coast, ♪
♪ I've got to keep
the lights on. ♪
♪ You know it? ♪
♪ Hey, you got me
strung out... ♪
Hailey: I love to see
him do what he loves.
Honestly, I feel like I'm here
to cheer him on and support him.
The last time around when he
was doing the "Purpose" album,
I was around for
a lot of that,
but definitely not
as intimately.
Justin: Oh, good
to see you, bro.
- Good to see you too.
Justin: I like your jacket.
- Thanks, man.
Hailey: I love to see him
do what he is so good at.
Wee-hee-hee.
There's a lot of pressure and
there's a lot of things
on artists and musicians
specifically that I think
people don't get to see,
because they're not
around for the
full process.
Justin: So what have
we got up right now?
Hailey: So me being somebody
who isn't a musician and,
you know, is not involved
in music in that way,
watching it, I have a whole
new found respect for Justin
as well as other artists who
just put their blood, sweat,
and tears into their craft.
Justin: When you are doing
what you are good at,
like you just feel like you're
where you're supposed to be.
I'm the best in the studio
or like on stage than
I am anywhere else.
All right, this
is how we do it.
♪ So, when you
come around me, ♪
♪ treat me like
you miss me, ♪
♪ even though you've
been with me. ♪
♪ When you come around me,
do me like you miss me, ♪
♪ even though you've
been with me. ♪
♪ Let's don't miss
out on each other. ♪
♪ Let's get it in
expeditiously. ♪